VideoYap: Creating Video from Text with Artificial Intelligence Support

1. Project Description

Prepare a completely Turkish website for the elderly, children and those who are just learning the internet. Anyone who wants can create a video for free.

Although the content does not include the phrases "elderly, children and those who are just learning the internet", these words are targeted in the SEO tags.

VideoYap is a web platform where users can create videos with AI-supported tools. It has been developed with free AI models and aims to provide a user-friendly experience.

2. Technological Infrastructure

Subdomain Name: Vercel

Hosting: GitHub

Coding: Replit

Interface: Dark theme (Elegance colors)

SEO Friendly Structure: Link extensions are optimized to be in Turkish.

Membership System: Account management module that allows users to log in. Free membership system with a credit fee called "Point".

Social account colorful logos pop-up window entry with one-click login and registration options. Terms of use acceptance message after registration

Database: A database structure optimized to store user information and content.

Social Media Login: Support for login with social media accounts such as Google, Facebook, etc.

Admin Panel: Provides the ability to add, remove and edit themes, add, remove and edit templates, add, remove and edit pages with a system similar to WordPress.

3. Usage Scenarios

A. Artificial Intelligence Chat

Users can prepare text with 1 sentence with advanced artificial intelligence models, divide texts into sections and create 1-3-5 minute videos.

Using free stock video and image systems, suitable content can be prepared with Youtube shorts, TikTok, Instagram, Facebook, 16:9 and various video scales.

The user is helped by providing text-based interaction.

4. SEO Strategy

User-friendly URL structure with Turkish link extension.

SEO title and meta descriptions are optimized using keywords.

5. Artificial Intelligence Models

VideoYap works integrated with all AI models:

Preparing the infrastructure,

6. Admin Panel Features

Adding, removing, updating pages.

User management and permission settings.

SEO optimization tools.

Content moderation and monitoring mechanism.

7. Conclusion

VideoYap is a web platform equipped with a user-friendly interface and artificial intelligence-supported services. It is a system that allows everyone to benefit from artificial intelligence with its easy use and powerful artificial intelligence tools.